resources.md, before:

# General
1. [100 Days of Code](https://www.100daysofcode.com/resources/)
2. [Packt Publishing](https://www.packtpub.com/packt/offers/free-learning): Free daily tech learning materials (ebooks and videos)
3. [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/): Online learning platform that offers courses for <$12 (never buy full price)
4. [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/)
5. [GitHub Learning Labs](https://lab.github.com/courses): A good resource for learning how to leverage GitHub
6. [Learn Python](https://www.learnpython.org/)
7. Your two most used resources in the technology fields:  
  i. [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/): The Google for the Programmer  
  ii. [Google](https://www.google.com/): The _**ACTUAL**_ Google for the Programmer
8. [Tech articles](https://www.medium.com/topic/programming)
9. [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/python)
10. Podcasts:  
  i. [Talk Python to Me](https://talkpython.fm/)  
  ii. [Python Bytes](https://pythonbytes.fm/)  
  iii. [Test and Code](https://testandcode.com/)  
  iv. [Super Data Science Podcast](https://www.superdatascience.com/podcast/)  
  v. [Python.\_\_init\_\_](https://www.pythonpodcast.com/)  
  vi. [Import This](https://www.kennethreitz.org/import-this/)
11. [Python Reference (The Right Way)](https://python-reference.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
12. [Official Python 3 Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/)

# Datasets
There are a substantial number of locations online to obtain datasets. These vary in complexity, but can be excellent resources for learning new techniques or creating new programs without needing to use company data. Here are ten places with readily available datasets.
1. Federal Governments:  
  i. [USA](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset)  
  ii. [UK](https://gbr.databasesets.com/)  
  iii. [EU](http://data.europa.eu/euodp/en/data/)  
  iv. [Australia](https://data.gov.au/)
2. [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets)
3. [Google](https://toolbox.google.com/datasetsearch)
4. [SEC Financial Statements](https://www.sec.gov/dera/data/financial-statement-data-sets.html)
5. [FBI Crime Statistics](https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s)
6. [CDC](https://www.cdc.gov/datastatistics/index.html)
7. [Census](https://www.census.gov/data.html)
8. [UC Irvine](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets.php)
9. [Medicare](https://data.medicare.gov/data/hospital-compare#)
10. [Airbnb](http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data.html)
11. [Open Data Philly](https://www.opendataphilly.org)
12. [St. Louis FED](https://fred.stlouisfed.org)
13. [Zillow](https://www.zillow.com/research/data/)

Commit message:

Updated Resources with extensive list of primarily free online resources for learning Python.

resources.md, after:

# General
1. [100 Days of Code](https://www.100daysofcode.com/resources/)
2. Your two most used resources in the technology fields:  
  i. [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/): The Google for the Programmer  
  ii. [Google](https://www.google.com/): The _**ACTUAL**_ Google for the Programmer
3. [Tech articles](https://www.medium.com/topic/programming)
4. [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/python)
5. Podcasts:  
  i. [Talk Python to Me](https://talkpython.fm/)  
  ii. [Python Bytes](https://pythonbytes.fm/)  
  iii. [Test and Code](https://testandcode.com/)  
  iv. [Super Data Science Podcast](https://www.superdatascience.com/podcast/)  
  v. [Python.\_\_init\_\_](https://www.pythonpodcast.com/)  
  vi. [Import This](https://www.kennethreitz.org/import-this/)

# Datasets
There are a substantial number of locations online to obtain datasets. These vary in complexity, but can be excellent resources for learning new techniques or creating new programs without needing to use company data. Here are ten places with readily available datasets.
1. Federal Governments:  
  i. [USA](https://catalog.data.gov/dataset)  
  ii. [UK](https://gbr.databasesets.com/)  
  iii. [EU](http://data.europa.eu/euodp/en/data/)  
  iv. [Australia](https://data.gov.au/)
2. [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets)
3. [Google](https://toolbox.google.com/datasetsearch)
4. [SEC Financial Statements](https://www.sec.gov/dera/data/financial-statement-data-sets.html)
5. [FBI Crime Statistics](https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s)
6. [CDC](https://www.cdc.gov/datastatistics/index.html)
7. [Census](https://www.census.gov/data.html)
8. [UC Irvine](http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets.php)
9. [Medicare](https://data.medicare.gov/data/hospital-compare#)
10. [Airbnb](http://insideairbnb.com/get-the-data.html)
11. [Open Data Philly](https://www.opendataphilly.org)
12. [St. Louis FED](https://fred.stlouisfed.org)
13. [Zillow](https://www.zillow.com/research/data/)

# Learning Resources
There are countless free and paid resources to learn Python. 
1. [Python Reference (The Right Way)](https://python-reference.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
2. [Official Python 3 Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/)
3. [Packt Publishing](https://www.packtpub.com/packt/offers/free-learning): Free daily tech learning materials (ebooks and videos)
4. [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/): Online learning platform that offers courses for <$12 (never buy full price)
5. [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/)
6. [GitHub Learning Labs](https://lab.github.com/courses): A good resource for learning how to leverage GitHub
7. [Learn Python](https://www.learnpython.org/)
8. [An Introduction to Statistical Learning](http://www-bcf.usc.edu/~gareth/ISL/ISLR%20Seventh%20Printing.pdf)
9. [The Elements of Statistical Learning](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/ElemStatLearn/printings/ESLII_print12.pdf)
10. [Automate the Boring Stuff with Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/)
11. [How to Think Like a Computer Scientist: Learning with Python 3](http://openbookproject.net/thinkcs/python/english3e/)
12. [A Byte of Python](https://python.swaroopch.com/)
13. [Python Built-ins Worth Learning](https://treyhunner.com/2019/05/python-builtins-worth-learning)
14. [The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python!](https://docs.python-guide.org/)
15. [Think Python](http://greenteapress.com/thinkpython/thinkpython.pdf)
16. [Runestone](https://runestone.academy): Free online eBooks
17. [Python 3 Module of the Week](https://pymotw.com/3/)
18. [20 Python Libraries You Aren't Using (But Should)](https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/20-python-libraries-you-arent-using-but-should.pdf)
19. [Hadoop with Python](https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/hadoop-with-python.pdf)
20. [How to Make Mistakes in Python](https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/how-to-make-mistakes-in-python.pdf)
21. [Functional Programming in Python](https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/functional-programming-python.pdf)
22. [Python in Education](https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/python-in-education.pdf)
