# Capstone Project
**Instructions:** 
Use the information learned over the past three months to come up with a project using python. There are no limitations on the project or it's scope. If you complete the project in a single day, then revisit the drawing board and improve the functionality for the second day. If you cannot complete the project in the two days provided, then continue to work on it until it's complete.

This is your time to solidify your learning and creating something you are passionate about. **Once you complete your project, write an article for your LinkedIn profile describing your progress through the 100 Days of Python.** Tell the story of your quest for pythonic greatness. At the culmination of the story, describe your capstone project and provide links to your GitHub containing the final product.

The best developers aren't the ones who know how to code the most efficient product. The best developers are the ones that can tell the story of their product to drive adoption. The best stories are the ones that are told with passion. The best stories are the ones that others can see themselves living.

This exercise is not actually about teaching you python. You can take any number of free or paid courses to teach you that skill. The primary purpose of this exercise is to show that you can learn anything if you take the time and have the dedication required to formulate a new habit. Furthermore, this exercise offers the opportunity to learn how to tell a compelling and relatable story through a technical field. Through the [daily log](../master/log.md), the documentation added in your script files, and this final assignment, you have practiced describing complex items in layman's terms. This still is one of the most valuable in the technical fields. Without this skill, it will be substantially more difficult to sell the projects you create. A great resource on how to tell a compelling story can be found in [The Storyteller's Secret by Carmine Gallo](https://www.amazon.com/Storytellers-Secret-Speakers-Business-Legends/dp/1250072239). 
