# Day 3: Operators
**Instructions:** 
1. Open a new python file.
2. Numeric Functionality:  
    1. Use the `+` for addition. _Type and execute:_  
       `print(10 + 6)`
    2. Use the `-` for subtraction. _Type and execute:_  
       `print(10 - 6)`
    3. Use the `*` for multiplication. _Type and execute:_  
       `print(10 * 6)`
    4. Use the `/` for division. The results are always a floating point number. _Type and execute:_  
       `print(10 / 6)`
    5. Use the `//` for integer division results (rounded down). _Type and execute:_  
       `print(10 // 6)`
    6. Use the `**` for exponents. _Type and execute:_  
       `print(10 ** 6)`
    7. Use the `%` for the remainder of the division. _Type and execute:_  
       `print(10 % 6)`
    8. Python uses PEMDAS to complete numerical calculations. _Type and execute:_  
       `print(8 * (2 + 2) + 3 ** 2 + 1)`
    9. If a floating point number is generated by the equation or is used as an input, the result will be a floating point number. _Type and execute:_  
       `print(10 // 6.0)`
3. String Functionality:
    1. Use the `+` to concatenate strings. _Type and execute:_  
       `print("Python" + ": It's a fun language to learn")`
    2. Use the `\` to escape special character. _Type and execute:_   
       `print("\"This is a quote.\"")`  
       `print("C:\\newFolder")`
    3. Use the `"` or `'` to quote strings. Single and double quotes work in the same fashion, but the start and end quotes must match. If double quotes are used, single quotes within the string do not need to be escaped. _Type and execute:_  
       `print("That's right. Python is cool.")`
    4. Use the `"""` or `'''` to block quote strings. Triple quotes are used as a block quote. The newline will be applied automatically. Additionally, triple quotes can be used at the beginning of the python code as a block comment. This is an excellent way to document the script with the purpose. _Type and execute:_  
       `print("""This is a`  
       `block quote""")`
    5. Use multiplication (`*`) to repeat a string. _Type and execute:_  
       `print("Rudy " * 5)`
4. Newlines and Tabs:
    1. Add `\n` for a newline in a string. _Type and execute:_  
       `print("This doesn't have to stay\non one line")`
    2. Add `\t` for a tab in a string. _Type and execute:_  
       `print("\tThe text can also be indented")`
    3. Use the `r` before the quote to print the raw string. _Type and execute:_  
       `print("C:\newFolder")`  
       `print(r"C:\newFolder")`
5. Update the [log file](../../log.md) with what you have learned today.
